Adds docs cleaning up the PR walkthrough (#2712)
pulp/pulpcore: docs/contributing/pull-request-walkthrough.rst

<https://github.com/pulp/pulpcore>`_ . Plugin git repositories are listed in the `plugin table
<https://pulpproject.org/content-plugins/>`_.

Checklist
---------

#. Add :ref:`functional tests<tests>` or :ref:`unit tests<tests>` where appropriate and ensure tests
   are passing on the CI.
#. Add a :ref:`CHANGES entry <changelog-update>`.
#. Update relevent :doc:`documentation`. Please build the docs to test!
#. :ref:`Rebase and squash<rebase>` to a single commit.
#. Write an excellent :ref:`commit-message`. Make sure you reference and link to the issue.
#. Push your branch to your fork and open a `Pull request across forks
   <https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork/>`_.
#. If the change requires a corresponding change in pulp-cli, open a PR against the pulp-cli or
   :doc:`file an issue</bugs-features>`.

Review
------

Before a pull request can be merged, the :ref:`tests<tests>` must pass and it must
be reviewed. We encourage you to :ref:`reach out to the developers<community>` to get speedy review.

To Cherry-Pick or Not
---------------------

> If you fixing a bug that needs to also be backported to another brancher than ``main``, add the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are fixing a bug that should also be backported to another branch than ``main``, add the
```

Author: this fix was pushed, ty

> If you are fixing a bug that should also be backported to another branche than ``main``, add the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are fixing a bug that should also be backported to another branch than ``main``, add the
```

> "Needs Cherry Pick" label to the PR. PR authors can also add or remove this label if they have write

Reviewer 2: Actually we have `backport-3.20` like labels now.

Author: I switched this language.
